_My Movie Database_

*Overview*
This webpage is designed to store and display a user's film watch history and provide interesting details about the items that they have watched. Its intention is to showcase a user's film history in a fun and entertaining manner, showcasing new insights into their content and provide an ease of browsing and locating their catalogue of films.

*Version Control*
This project uses git and github for tracking changes and managing development. Please see the github repository here: https://github.com/oxyesthesia/oxyesthesia.github.io

*Features*
The webpage features two main elements:
On the right hand side is a box where your films will be displayed. You can enter new films into your database by clicking the 'Add A Film' button at the top of the page. You can also delete films from your database by clicking the 'Delete' button associated with the film you wish to remove from the list. There are also some sorting buttons at the top of the page for you to use, which will sort your films based on a category of your choosing.
On the left hand side is a smaller box where insights into your films will appear. This includes the total number of films in your database, the total watch time of your film list, the average score you have given all of your films, your top genre you like to watch and your highest-scored films.

*Setup*
No setup is required.

*Usage*
View the website online at the following link: https://oxyesthesia.github.io/
Alternatively, download the files and open the index.html file in your web browser.

*Sources*
This website uses a typeface imported from GoogleFonts. The link has already been implemented within the <head> tag of the html file.
No AI programs were used throughout the creation of this website.

*Development* 
The process for developing this webpage started with the logic itself, firstly being able to properly create and display an object within an array on the webpage. Next came implementing a form that users can add films to the array, which would be added to the webpage list, as well as a unique delete button for each entry where the contents can be removed from the list. Next, the ability to store this data into the local storage, overwrite this data, and pull this data for display on the webpage. This basic list logic was then complimented by some css where colours, spacing, typeface, page layout and dynamic screen size changes were added. Then the data was analysed and processed into the fun facts/statistics on the left side of the webpage, and finalised by the sorting buttons that categorised the list to the user's specifications. After fine-tuning some elements across the webpage, the final additions were the developer buttons at the bottom of the page for easier developer testing and page analysis.
Throughout the programming process, there were a number of tasks that required further investigation that initially anticipated. Firstly, using the code from the Week 4 - Interactive Tasklist for starting this task was a great help in providing some initial guidance, however reformatting the code that was done in-class (particularly with the displayFilm() function (previously displayTask())) to fit the context of my webpage was harder than anticipated. While I do think it would ave been ahrder to write it from scratch, I did not anticipate the difficulty of adding more features into my webpage and having to amend my prewritten code to facilitate these additions was a challenge. Secondly, some of the page formatting with css ended up being rather tedious, mostly involving the flexbox properties and making sure the items aligned properly both within their div's and determinate on the screen size. Finally, the fun fact for Favourite Genre almost did not happen as I could not figure out how to get the mode of the favGenre array. Turns out, this is a much more difficult process than I anticipated and after lots of internet investigation I found the video from CodeTour which worked amazingly.
My webpage has had a few iterations over the weeks of putting the site together. Besides the obvious changes of adding css and adding more features, the biggest change came from the filmListMaster array. I originally had an array called filmList which the displayFilm() and saveData() functions pulled from, and the filmListMaster array was a copy of the filmList array that was stored in localStorage. Why I did this initially instead of utilising the already-made filmList as the array to be stored, I have no idea. But upon realising that I was making it needlessly difficult boh because of the extra steps and the two arrays with near-identical names, I rewrote the code to pull and store the same array instead.
There are some notable items within the webpage that can be inproved upon. Firstly, the object itself stores the data rather efficiently, with the exception of the rating. Instead of storing the rating itself (e.g. "M"), it stores the string of the image path name (e.g. "resources/ClassificationM.png"). Early on in the logic-building phase of development (and as part of my feedback from my A2 assignment) I attempted to store a string/index of a global array instead of the file path itself, but found difficulty string concatenating the file path when it came to loading the image onto the webpage in the displayFilm() function. Perhaps there is a way to do this using innerHTML, but I tried a couple ways (including storing the rating string as a variable and attempting to concatenate into the item.innerHTML line) to no avail. Finetuning this would greatly reduce the memory required to store this information in localStorage, and would result in a cleaner and efficient code structure. Secondly, the toSorted(compare_____) functions were attempted to be reduced into a single function as opposed to six different ones, of which four do virtually the same thing. As the compare functions take in two values already (a and b) though this isn't passed into the initial calling of the function itself, I was unable to find out how/if I could pass in another value (such as a string indicating what kind of comparison we're trying to complete) without meddling with the comparative figures. I instead opted to split these functions up, which ended up benefitting the compareRating function greatly as its code is quite different to the others, but I'm sure there's a better way to optimise it. Finally, the css page in its entirety has a strange layout that makes sense to me, but might not for first-time observers. I attempted to have elements towards the top of the webpage at the top of the css doc, and kept items that were similar (such as :hover) next to each other, though I'll admit there are some rogue ones. Cleaning this page up and formatting the items to flow nicer would assist with readability and general infrastructure hierarchy.
For future iterations or improvements on the webpage, I'd recommend a couple items. Implementing a cautious pop-up whenever a delete button is pressed, such as a window saying 'Are you sure you want to delete [movie name] from your film catalogue?' would assist in the user's quality of life and any accidental button presses. Some animations that I've implemented with buttons (pretty much just colours and text sizes) transition upon hover, but not when the mouse moves away from the item, so adding an 'exit animation' could create a cleaner and nicer user experience. 
